[theme song starts]
[computer blipping]
♪ Here we are, going far
To save all that we love ♪
♪ If we give all we've got
We will make it through ♪
♪ Here we are, like a star
Shining bright on your world ♪
♪ Today, make evil go away ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we'll reset it all ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, be there when you call ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we will stand real tall ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, stronger after all ♪
[computer beeping]
NEW ORDER
[Odd] Yahoo!
[action music]
You've really done a good job, Jeremy!
XANA better behave himself
now that we've got these things!
[gleeful scream]
[Jeremy] Be careful all the same!
Don't worry, Einstein! I know how to ride.
No way I'm gonna let Ulrich beat me.
[Odd] Wahoo!
-[Ulrich] Oh, no you don't!
-[revs engine]
[laughs]
Odd, I didn't have time to perfect
the program that calculates trajectory…
Yeah!
[grunting]
[laughs]
Odd!
Are you okay?
Oh, yeah. There's still some work
to do on the overboard, Jeremy!
[Jeremy] Maybe it's the rider
who needs work!
What happened Odd?
You miss a step?
[laughs]
Very funny. I'd like to see you
on an overboard.
I guess surfing's not my thing.
[Jeremy] Sorry to interrupt
your fascinating conversation,
but it looks like XANA has spotted you.
-There's something coming your way!
-[computer beeping]
That's really weird!
I can't tell what it is!
Hey! What's that?
I don't know,
but it looks like trouble, big-time.
I've never seen
a monster like that one before.
XANA must have just created it!
In any case, it says here that
it's got more life points than the others.
[all gasp]
[shrieking]
Jeremy,
how about reprogramming our vehicles?
I'm on it already,
but it's gonna take time.
-On my signal.
-I'll go first!
And I'm going to keep it busy.
Now!
[lasers blasting]
[grunts]
[shrieking]
Aelita,
there's a deactivated tower not far away.
Direction: North by northwest.
Get out of there, and come and meet me.
But hurry up!
Hey, you overgrown spider! Looking for me?
[shrieking]
[lasers blasting]
[Jeremy]
Odd, you just lost 20 life points!
It's got a powerful laser.
What does it take to destroy this thing?
[panting]
[action music]
[lasers blasting]
[grunts]
Vehicles… ready.
[Ulrich] Well it's about time!
Come on, I'm doing my best!
-[Odd] Let me go first.
-Go on, we'll be watching you.
[lasers blasting]
[Odd] Laser Arrows!
[Odd] This thing is really unbeatable!
Need a hand?
[grunts]
[groans]
[Odd] Laser Arrows!
[Odd grunts]
[theme music]
If XANA's gonna start programming
new monsters,
it means our troubles, guys,
have only just begun!
Anyway, Einstein, one thing is sure.
[Odd] You're gonna have to program
our vehicles faster.
Otherwise, we don't stand a chance
against those Tarantulas!
Your aunt what?
[Odd] Tarantulas. The new monsters.
I like to give my enemies a name.
What worries me is
that our friend XANA has obviously found
a way to increase his power.
You think he's still evolving?
[Jeremy] Maybe so…
In any case, from now on, we have to be
ready for anything and everything!
Maybe I'd better get back to Lyoko.
If XANA activates a tower,
I'd better be there.
-[Jeremy hesitates] Should we tell her?
-[Aelita] Hmm?
Well of course we should tell her!
Why keep good news like that a secret?
Keep what a secret?
Would someone please tell me
what's going on?
Over the past few weeks,
I've spent all of my time
developing the vehicles and an antivirus
to free you from XANA!
And I also perfected a whole new program
for detecting activated towers.
A super scanner.
Much more accurate than the old one.
[Jeremy] With instant detection.
Meaning, you don't have
to stay on Lyoko all the time.
So I'm gonna live…
Here, with us.
We've already enrolled you as a boarder
at the school.
Everything's all set up.
We wanted to surprise you.
I…
[Aelita] This is so wonderful!
I can't believe it!
[Jim] And… this is your room.
It's not very big,
but you'll like it here, Miss…
Stones…
Aelita Stones. Like the rock group.
I'm Odd's cousin from Canada.
Ah… So, Aelita.
Breakfast starts at 7 a.m.,
and dinner's at 7 p.m.
[Jim] It's against the rules to be
in your room between 8 a.m. and 4:30 p.m.
You can ask your friends
Della Robbia, Stern and Belpois
to fill you in on the rest of the rules…
That is if they can remember them!
-[all laugh]
-[Jeremy] Yeah!
[Mrs. Hertz] I don't want to hear
another word about the school newspaper.
[Mrs. Hertz] This excursion is for 8th
and 9th graders only, is that clear?
[grumbles]
Oh, rats!
Kiwi, stop wiggling around!
Five more minutes
and you can run around all you want to.
Hey, is everything okay, Aelita?
Are you all settled in?
Yes I am, and I love my room!
And what's this field trip
everybody's talking about?
We're gonna make a biodiversity scrapbook.
Mrs. Hertz wants us to take pictures,
and to draw plants and flowers.
That kind of thing. You and I
have been paired up to work together.
Great.
[Odd] Anyone seen Ulrich?
He's under the arches.
I think he's waiting for Yumi.
[Ulrich to self] Okay… Yumi,
there's something I have to tell you.
No, that doesn't sound right.
Yumi, there's something serious
you and I have to talk about.
No, she'll freak out if I say that.
Right… Yumi, you and I have to…
Yumi!
I… I have something to tell you.
[boy] Yo, Yumi!
Mrs. Hertz said okay.
We can work together on the field trip.
Hey… William… Do you know Ulrich?
Huh… Oh, you're Ulrich Stern.
Yumi mentioned you.
-Ready to go?
-[Yumi] Coming.
Didn't you have something to tell me?
I'll tell you later.
See you later.
[Odd] Hey, what are you doing?
Everyone's leaving.
We have to be back by six.
Who is that guy?
[Odd] Oh, who, him? That's William.
[Odd] He's the new guy.
He got kicked out of his last school.
He's totally cool.
[sighs]
Did you know that trees grow new branches
from one year to the next according
to an exponential ratio of 1.6?
[Aelita] 1.618 to be exact.
[Aelita] It's the golden ratio.
Say… Do you think nature obeys
non-linear equation systems?
[Sissi] Can you believe those two?
Who do they think they are anyway?
[Sissi] Mr. and Mrs. Einstein?
Uh… Who?
Hey, Sissi, where are you going?
The woods are this way.
Yes, but the stores are that way.
But… we're supposed to draw plants…
There's a florist in the shopping center.
Oh…
[theme music]
[Jeremy] There aren't any monsters
in these woods!
That only happens in fairy tales
or in silly horror pictures.
[laughs]
The kind that Odd likes.
[Aelita] You don't like horror films.
I find them inaccurate,
scientifically speaking.
Anyway, I don't have time
to go to the movies.
I've got my work cut out for me with XANA.
Huh?
[Jeremy] Oh no, I don't believe it!
I left my laptop in my room.
What if XANA attacks?
[Aelita] We'll run back and get it.
I'll just keep working by myself.
Anyway,
with the drawings we've already done,
I'm sure we'll get the highest grade.
[Jeremy] Yeah, be right back.
[Aelita] Bye.
[zooming]
[Odd] Oh, stop freaking out.
You know Yumi's crazy about you.
[Ulrich] That's what you think.
Actually, I have no idea.
I can't figure you guys out.
Are you going out together or not?
[hesitates] Not really.
It's complicated.
Right now,
I'll bet he's completely snowing her.
I wouldn't really call myself a rebel.
I'm just a little… rebellious.
[Yumi] Well, you did manage
to get yourself kicked out
of your last school
putting posters all over the place.
[William] I object your honor,
extenuating circumstances.
They were love letters.
You mean love makes you crazy?
Makes me totally insane.
[gasps]
[Aelita gasps]
-[bushes rustling]
-[gasps]
[wind howling]
[gasps]
[Aelita to self]
Monster's only exist in fairy tales.
-[wolf howls]
-[Aelita screams]
[panting]
[tense music]
[moans]
[gasps]
[wolf howls]
[animal growling nearby]
[mechanical footsteps]
-[beeping]
-[Jeremy grunts]
Just what I was afraid of,
XANA's attacking!
[alert blipping]
I don't think I have to remind you
that we haven't done a single drawing
since we got here.
I don't even want to think about the grade
we're gonna get.
[Ulrich] Go ahead, you draw…
-[phone rings]
-[Ulrich] …you're better than I am.
Jeremy?
I'm at school. XANA's attacking!
I'll head to the factory but you guys
have to pick up Aelita on the way.
No problem, we'll go and get her.
[Jeremy] I left her on the Red Trail.
[Jeremy] Is Yumi with you?
No.
I'd rather you call her yourself.
See you in a minute.
Actually, I don't do anything half way.
No way, it's all or nothing with me.
I just can't bring myself to be sensible.
But hey…
Being sensible is just not sensible.
You stole that line from the Subsonics.
You listen to them?
Yeah, they're awesome.
[phone rings]
Yes?
Well,
it's about time we got back to work, huh?
Yumi?
[panting]
[sinister music]
[Aelita] "The Hermitage"
[music crescendos]
[Aelita grunts]
[sinister music]
Is…
Is anybody home?
[whirring]
[Odd] Are you sure this is the place?
[Ulrich] That's what Jeremy told me.
-[Ulrich] Look!
-[Odd] Let's follow him.
-[Ulrich] Are you sure?
-He may be a little dumb
but he does have a good nose.
[grunts]
Hey.
Nervous, aren't we?
What a warm welcome… Nice.
[Odd] Yumi, we can't find Aelita!
[theme music]
[sinister music]
[grunts]
[classical piano playing]
[playing "Twinkle, Twinkle, Little Star"]
[Aelita whimpers]
[sinister music crescendoes]
[screams]
[theme music]
[Jeremy]
Don't tell me you haven't found her yet!
What have you guys been doing?
She may be in big danger!
[Odd] Chill, Jeremy, okay?
We're doing everything we can.
[Odd] Who knows,
maybe Aelita just went back to school.
Kiwi led us to an old house in the woods.
We're gonna take a look inside.
We'll call you back
if we have any news.
[computer beeping]
[sinister music]
[Ulrich] Aelita?
[door slammed]
-[sinister music]
-[Odd] It's locked.
[Ulrich] No signal.
[Yumi] Look out!
[Odd screams]
[Ulrich] That way.
[Ulrich] You thinking what I'm thinking?
XANA!
Yeah, and that means Aelita must be
here somewhere.
[all straining]
[gasps] Hey, Odd, watch out!
[Yumi] Looks like XANA's trying
to lead us somewhere.
[all] Aelita!
Don't worry princess, we're here.
[panting]
Ulrich… It's a trap!
XANA! He's going to…
Get Aelita out!
[grunting]
[Yumi gasps]
[Odd] You'll be cooked alive
if we don't get you out of there!
[all straining]
Odd, run to the factory with Aelita!
Deactivate the tower!
It's our only hope.
[Odd] Come on!
[Odd] I knew it!
Now we'll have to go above ground.
[Odd] Wait!
[both grunting]
[screams]
[Odd] Kiwi!
[gasps]
[eerie music]
Odd… There's a passage over there!
I… think it leads to the sewers.
This is no time for jokes, Aelita.
I'm not joking, Odd… I'm sure.
Huh?
Wow… Incredible!
How did you know about this?
Yumi, I, um…
Forget it, Ulrich.
I should've told you about William sooner.
Yeah, that would've been better.
[action music]
[digital whirring]
Aelita!
I was really worried.
No time to lose, Einstein.
Otherwise,
Yumi and Ulrich will end up like dim sum.
[Jeremy] Okay, head for the scanners!
I'll start the process.
[action music]
Transfer Aelita.
Transfer Odd.
[Jeremy] Scanner Aelita.
[Jeremy] Scanner Odd.
[Jeremy] Virtualization!
[whoosh]
[Jeremy] Aelita, the Overwing is for you.
Our taxis are waiting for us. Let's go.
Tower, dead ahead.
[Jeremy] Be careful!
You've got two tarantulas guarding it.
I'll never be able to fight my way
through two of those horrors!
Maybe I can lure away one of them.
Oh…
Aelita, what are you planning on doing?
[Odd] She's gonna steal the show.
[groaning]
[Ulrich] Go ahead.
I won't look.
[action music]
[Aelita] Well, my little monster friends.
Did you miss me?
[mechanical footsteps]
[lasers blasting]
[grunts]
[panting]
[screams]
[Odd] Yoo-hoo…
Surprise!
[laser blasting]
[explosion]
[Odd] They're not all that invincible.
[nods]
[weapon clicking]
Uh-oh. Jeremy, I'm all out of ammo.
[Jeremy] Okay, I'll reload you.
Be patient.
[Odd] We're gonna have to keep
the monsters busy.
-Wait for my signal to run.
-Gotcha!
[Ulrich] Yu… Yumi?
[panting] I, um… What's…
really going on…
between you and… William?
Nothing at all… He's… just a friend.
[lasers blasting]
[Jeremy] Done! You're fully loaded!
[computer beeping]
[Odd] Great, Jeremy! I'm breaking off.
[action music]
Aelita!
Now!
[panting]
[laser blasting]
Yes!
Yeah!
[ethereal music]
[Yumi grunts]
[Aelita] Tower deactivated.
[rewind sound]
Return to the past now!
[powering up]
[Mrs. Hertz] Congratulations, Ms. Delmas.
You found an Amazonian Yucca
here in our woods?
[Sissi]
Uh… Yeah, and it wasn't easy, either!
Is that so?
Well, I think it's going to be much easier
grading your work… Zero!
[Sissi] Huh?
So, did you manage
to get any drawing done this time?
Yeah… But I had to drag Ulrich far away
from Yumi and William.
[Odd] Going back in time
didn't change anything there.
I went to check out that house,
the Hermitage? Nothing to report.
It's gone back to being a normal house.
[Jeremy] Abandoned, but normal.
It's so weird…
All those visions I had there…
Not to mention the underground passage
that you knew about.
[eerie music]
It's as if I'd already seen that house…
in a dream.
A new mystery to solve for us.
By the way, Aelita?
This is for you.
It's to keep us one step ahead of XANA.
For me?
This way, we can always stay in touch.
[laughs]
I thought that pink would suit you.
Wow, looks cool!
[Odd] It matches her hair.
[Aelita laughs]
Thank you, Jeremy!
[Odd] There you go,
you're like a regular school kid now!
[all laugh]
[theme music]